Okay, here we go, test number three. So I'm going to talk for like a minute or two and then I'm going to start feeding it some lines.
Pretty good. I'm going somewhere this weekend. Oh, where are you going? And can I come with?
Yeah, sure. I'm going on a fishing trip. Oh, I just realized something. I'm gonna have to make sure that it can tell the difference between me and you.
and somebody else. That's gonna fuckin' suck. Actually...
I'll just ignore it and I'll add a little note to self note to sell. Let me write this on a piece of paper.
I don't have any paper yet. Those are my passwords.
Notebook, perfect. I need to...
Res.
Let's add like a check system.
Like you press the green check buttons if you want to add it to your calendar or an X to not add it to your calendar.
So you can kind of tell the difference like, oh, I don't remember being invited to a podcast party in the middle of nowhere. Oh, that must have been my friend talking about it.
Yeah. Okay, so that should be enough text. Let's see. I was planning on going on a trip.
The 23rd to the 27th which would go to my sister's place in Santa Barbara. I'm just gonna go.
teach and stuff, go explore something, it's gonna be pretty warm. The drive is gonna be about five hours and we'll be leaving at around 12, I want to say around 12.
around three and then I'll be coming back on the 27th and I'll be coming back at around 5 pm.
My sister Anna and I will be just having a grand old time. I'm gonna drive there. It's gonna be fun.
Also, I feel like a feature I should add is to find out who's who.
Thanks for watching!
Hello.
know who invited me to who so I just need to have that like I need to figure out how I'm gonna recognize other people's voices because recognize
Yeah, just sit down for like 10 hours and train the AI to be like, oh, that's Victor's voice. That's how Victor talks. Um, I'll just lay.
as that but it won't be able to tell if somebody else is talking about that with like it won't be able to tell if somebody's just
day or if they're inviting me. Anyways, I'm gonna stop the transcription before this costs me a penny. All right, let me uh...
